---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: guy.lane
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1CuXVHGHtJXjFqfoTg1GjZ1UzrUUf0HkCZeL1TMDCY8k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>New Trem lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To reach an understanding of codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, now i understand what codecademy is and methods to complete the levels.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my lesson, we looked at a coding website called codecademy, we automatically signed in with google. We started off by looking at a code called python. I am 4% of the way, through - Tip calculator level 1. To complete the code you have to complete all the levels and often that can take 7 or more hours. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I got stuck on a level, and kept reading over and over again to see if it made any more sense, most of the time it did, however on this level it did not, Normally on most of the levels I spent 5 or so minutes figuring it out, but on this question i spent about fifteen minutes until i stopped. I decided to go onto another level as there was no point wasting 30 minutes on one question.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time if i am stuck on a level i will ask around and see if anyone else can help me, and if not then not waste 15 minutes on one question when i could be doing three in the same amount of time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


