---
title: Lesson 2 
layout: post
author: guy.lane
permalink: /lesson-2-/
source-id: 10JF5RGZMU512nmA2poZqkd0c_c1HTYFQax73ey1LSzw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>New Trem lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Failing, succeeding and trying again</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn about failure, success and why you should always try.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I have learnt that you should never give up until you succeed.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my lesson we first looked at our blog posts and Mr Keen told us how we should improve it and which ways, for instance my writing was very difficult to see because of the background I had chosen. I changed some of the writing to white as it was easy to see it through the background.
We then watched a video of a boy who needs to volt an obstacle, but he keeps on failing and his class don't laugh but encourage him until he succeeds, the teacher keeps making him try again as the teacher know he can do it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don’t really know how to change a lot of things in my blog like making the background image stay still, however I am going to learn to do things like that. We also looked at more boolean and i was understanding it more, You Tube went into negative numbers as the video 'Gangnam style ‘ had reached the maximum number of views allowed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time my blog will be readable - hopefully,- and my background image will be still. 
Next lesson I am going to concentrate more and take more of what my teacher says in. I am going ask people I know and maybe Mr Keen how to fix the things i need to fix. 
I need to do my blogs earlier in the future as i will remember more from the lesson. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


